Fix the error of stream load doc (#2340)
apache/doris: docs/documentation/en/administrator-guide/load-data/stream-load-manual_EN.md

```
curl --location-trusted -u user:passwd [-H ""...] -T data.file -XPUT http://fe_host:http_port/api/{db}/{table}/_stream_load

> The properties supproted in the header are described in "Import task parameters" below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The properties supported in the header are described in "load task parameters" below
```
